Canon -> Standard general (#402)
MicrosoftDocs/quantum-docs-pr: articles/Glossary.md

|-------------|----------|
|Adjoint|The complex conjugate transpose of the operation. For operations that implement a unitary operator, the adjoint is the inverse of the operation.|
|Callable|Operations and functions are collectively known as *callables*.|

> |Standard|Operations and functions defined in Q# building on the logic defined in the prelude. The Standard library implementation is agnostic with respect to target machines.|

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|Standard|Operations and functions defined in Q# building on the logic defined in the prelude. The standard library implementation is agnostic with respect to target machines.|
```

| <a id="global-phase"></a>Global phase | Two states that are identical up to a multiple of a complex number $e^{i\phi}$ are said to differ up to a global phase. Unlike local phases, global phases cannot be observed through any measurement. See [Pauli measurements](xref:microsoft.quantum.concepts.pauli) for more details. |
|Measurement|Obtaining a classical bit from a qubit (or set of qubits). See the [Qubit Concepts](xref:microsoft.quantum.concepts.qubit) section for more details.|
|Mutable|A variable whose value may be changed after it is created.|

> |Namespace|A label for a collection of related names (typically operations, functions, and types). For instance the namespace `Microsoft.Quantum.Standard` labels all of the symbols defined by [the Standard](xref:microsoft.quantum.canon).|

Reviewer: Microsoft.Quantum.Standard is the name of the NuGet package that includes all of the standard libraries,  including `Microsoft.Quantum.Canon`, `Microsoft.Quantum.Math`, and `Microsoft.Quantum.Preparation`.
```suggestion
|Namespace|A label for a collection of related names (typically operations, functions, and types). For instance the namespace [`Microsoft.Quantum.Preparation`](xref:microsoft.quantum.preparation) labels all of the symbols defined in the standard library that help with preparing initial states.|
```
